azurerm_role_definition: ability to lookup by name (#2798)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/role_definition.markdown

description: |-
  Get information about an existing Role Definition.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_role_definition

Use this data source to access information about an existing Role Definition.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_subscription" "primary" {}

resource "azurerm_role_definition" "custom" {
  role_definition_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name               = "CustomRoleDef"
  scope              = "${data.azurerm_subscription.primary.id}"
  
  #...
}

data "azurerm_role_definition" "custom" {
  role_definition_id = "${azurerm_role_definition.custom.role_definition_id}"
  scope              = "${data.azurerm_subscription.primary.id}" # /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
}

data "azurerm_role_definition" "custom-byname" {
  name  = "${azurerm_role_definition.custom.name}"
  scope = "${data.azurerm_subscription.primary.id}"
}

data "azurerm_builtin_role_definition" "builtin" {
  name = "Contributor"
}

output "custom_role_definition_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_role_definition.custom.id}"
}
output "contributor_role_definition_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_role_definition.builtin.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

> * `name` - (Optional) Specifies the Name of the Role Definition, either built in or custom. Possible builtin values are: `Contributor`, `Owner`, `Reader` and `VirtualMachineContributor`.

Reviewer: given this is a dual-purpose field, let's make this:

```suggestion
* `name` - (Optional) Specifies the Name of the Role Definition, either built in or custom.

-> You can also use this for built-in roles such as `Contributor`, `Owner`, `Reader` and `Virtual Machine Contributor`
```
